1.Ease to develop for developers
	Tableau: easy to create charts, no coding required.
    D3: coding is difficult for beginners.  Requires a lot of coding for buidling from scratch.
    Plotly: requires knowledgye of Python, one of my favorite toolbox in Python because the built-in methods are easy to understand.
2.Ease to maintain the visualization for developers (e.g., difficulty of the maintenance of the product as the requirements change, the data changes,  the hosting platform changes, etc.)
	Tableau: difficult to maintain.  If the data changes, you need to manually select the new data on Tableau.
    D3: easy to maintain.  Even if data is changed, you can simply modify a few lines in code to read the new data.
    Plotly: easy to maintain.  Same as D3, you only need to modify a few lines in code to read the new data.
3.Usability of visualization developed for end users
	Tableau: good.  Very easy to operate by dragging and clicking buttons.
    D3: more control and flexibility.  Can customize figures according to specific requirements.
    Plotly: nice-looking but less flexibility compared with D3. 
4.Scalability of visualization to “large” datasets
	Tableau: not recommended used for large datasets.  The response is really slow for handling large datasets, comsums large resources.
    D3: good for scalability. D3 provides functions such as 'promises' that are good for reading large and multiple data.  Combined with other libraries, D3 is good for large datasets.
    Plotly: not recommended for large datasets.  Plotly consumes too much resources for large dataset, it is majorly used for prototyping.
5.System requirements to run the visualization (e.g., browsers, OS, software licensing) for end users
	Tableau: Bad. Only supports Windows and Mac.  No support for Linux.  Need to purchase licenses.
    D3: Good.  Suppoorts almost all kinds of browsers, no need to purchase licenses.
    Plotly: Good.  As long as Python is properly installed, you can use Plotly.